Code pen link: https://codepen.io/ramonh23/pen/GRZVQJM


<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 Semantic tags are used for structuring content.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
  HTML is used to give function or describe a page
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
 attributes are used when we want to add information we do not want showing up on the screen. They are placed inside tags.
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The h1 tag is for the most important header and should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
The img tag and the anchor tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The title of the document.

    7. What is an id? 
an identification tag for a specific section for which you can later style.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any HTML element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once 
    10. What is a class? 
An identifier that can apply to multiple elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any html element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
 Multiple times 
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
You can get a link to open with an anchor tag followed by the href= "your link"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
Alternate text for an image

    15. How do I reference an id?
You refrence an id with a #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

    17. What is CSS used for? 
css is used to style a page 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 { }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
class=
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.p class="human"

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
 top level selectors used when theres a need to nest inside a tag.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar <a { }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
Selects elements in a specific state ex. when being hovered over.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-spacing:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
 Text-transform:

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div."blank" {border:1px dotted #000000}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*  blank */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
 PWD

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
 rm blank.txt  it will delete all files. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
To be able to make multiple revisions with multiple people working on the project

    35. How often should I commit to github?
 As often as possible to avoid loosing work.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
1.First step is always fork!
2.copy forked link into terminal and clone into your file
3.cd into file and complete assignment.
4.git add .
5.git commit
6.git push
7. go back to the repo under your branch, add reviewers, and create pull request.